Dr. Patel is reviewing the case of a patient who received Vancomycin, but still
the condition of the patient has not improved. What went wrong? Click
each icon to view the objective of our course.
select  'Understand Why Vancomycin Fails' in order to proceed.
Vancomycin absorption level depends on ways or routes of its administration.
Click each card to reveal more details on Vancomycin administration routes
and absorption level. Some details will also be narrated for clarity.
Vancomycin is administered through various routes, each with different absorption
levels. In this interactivity, you will analyse different patient
scenarios while exploring special cases. Click on each icon
to reveal the respective case study.
The Vancomycin administration route depends on absorption level of vancomycin
in each route. Drag and rank the administration routes from most to
least. Remember that special cases exist, but focus on overall
effectiveness.
Test your understanding of Vancomycin absorption. Click on each tab
to reveal the question. After selecting an answer, you’ll receive immediate feedback!